subsys: fota_download: correcting URI check (#11904)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` Kconfig option's default value to ``255``.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` Kconfig option's default value to ``255``.

* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

  * Updated:

>     * Verifies if download started with the same URI and resumes the interrupted download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The library now verifies whether the download started with the same URI and resumes the interrupted download.
```

Author: Fixed
